so people here look at the 6
second book of the series the chronicles of
ice and fire video dress and just after the
vignette
today watching the first book of war
thrones if you did not see the link is here
on the side
but the first is the second type of
open mouth because it's quite a bit
greater than the first book, and follows the
same pattern of the first book and the south
in Portuguese
now and goes along with the best of
world
everything to take the iron throne and she
there are dragons then you have cancer in
room is a very rich city and person
stay by hans you have a fucking dragon
Touch Fleeing also help the first
book so the best first book I
I prefer the first one yet and win four
lines
Yes it's a lot better than tonight with a
a little more
your friends that I also liked to see
on the channel and this is personal until the next